---
title: 13 March - Mace Minutes
permalink: 2017-03-07.html
---

### Minutes - 13th March

[Return to index](../index.md)

#### Product Design
     *We looked at Vaughan's new design for the UI, and Mytchel's implementation of the UI.
     *We talked about using overflowing vs. scrolling for the configurable command bar, and the tab bar. Eventually, the concesus was that the command bar should overflow, but the tab bar should scroll.
     *We also talked about how scrolling should be implemented - arrow buttons, or scroll wheel?
     *We talked about multi-user, simultaneous text editing as a feature.
         *Each tab needs to talk to a server, and update when changes are made (with a delay, so that we don't have to handle too much sending/receiving of data)
         *We briefly talked about the ability to connect to multiple servers at once (in different tabs/panes), but it wasn't immediately clear how important/practical this would be.
     *We talked about how to deal with opening new files/folders.
         *Clearly, opening new files and folders should open a new tab, since you don't want to lose whatever you're currently looking at.
         *However, this becomes problematic when you're browsing a directory, since we don't want a bunch of new tabs in this case.

#### Staff Management
     *We recapped on some problems and how to solve them (pushing to GitHub, getting Mace working with Quartz, etc)
     *We talked about assignments, which are not too imminent, but definitely on the horizon.
         *Ryan and Hannah made vague plans to get started on writing the first report soon.

#### Completed Milestones:
     *get a basic UI working
     *make a place for documentation and minutes (GitHub pages)

#### Next Milestones To Do:
     *sort milestones better to make this list