---
title: 17 July - Mace Minutes
permalink: 2017-07-17.html
---

### Minutes - 17th July

[Return to index](../index.md)

### Recap
* Two weeks until deadline
* Naming of Jump vs Goto doesn't matter
* Wait for Hannah and Ryan before deciding on the release naming convention
  
### To Do
* Leave debug out of command-line flags. It should be compile time instead
* --help should display available commands. But not display a tutorial
* Tutorial needs to be done for milestone 1
* Merge development back into master. Was overconfident to have two branches

### Miscellany
* What even is unicode whitespace? What is vertical tab?