---
title: 3 Mar - Mace Minutes
permalink: 2017-03-07.html
---

### Minutes - 3rd March

[Return to index](../index.html)
    
#### Discussion about product design
* We looked at Vaughan's prototype for the UI, which had buttons for splitting a pane in half horizontally/vertically, and for adding new tabs to an existing pane.
* We talked about whether or not we want to be able to have pane-splits that exist within tabs, instead of just having tabs that exist within pane-splits.
* It would be nice to be able to simply drag and drop files in as new tabs/panes, instead of having to open up the files and them move them into place.
* We discussed more generally whether we want to be able to drag and drop tabs/files at all, or whether a button/dropdown for splitting would be good enough.
* We want to have our features list set in stone (or at least clay), so we can avoid weakening the design during implementation, as can often happen.
* Many of these ideas could use revisiting, maybe mostly because I can't remember exactly which things we made firm decisions about.

#### Discussion about staff management
* We talked a bit about what each of us would be doing.
* Hannah and Ryan wanted to contribute to the coding, to the best of their abilities, as long as it wasn't going to slow the project down too much (basically pitching in whenever there are easy/menial jobs to do).
* Vaughan and Mytchel (therefore) will do most of the actual programming.
* Everyone will be testing by using the product, and contributing to the general design.
* Hannah and Ryan will probably be doing a lot of the report writing, and looking after the administrivia/management stuff.

#### Discussion about project management
* We want consistency across all our documentation and record keeping. It will all be done in markdown, and probably all kept in the same place.
* We want to set up a testing framework within GitHub.
* We have locked in Monday 12pm as our weekly meeting time (Philosophy department.

#### MANAGEMENT MILESTONES
* break the project into achievable tasks, with schedules
* set up continuous integration
* make a place for documentation and minutes, perhaps a GitHub website (largely done...)

#### DESIGN MILESTONES
* decide how to render text
* plan out the backend architecture
* sockets vs shared memory
* plan out a full, final(ish) list of features. We need to have a list of features, so we can avoid backing down from our goals during implementation.
* eventually, have a full, working design (flexible, but also fully fleshed out)

#### IMPLEMENTATION MILESTONES
* get the basic UI working
* implement the backend architecture
* Step 3: ???
* eventually, have a working text editor with the features and UI we want

#### __Deadlines__
* __13 April__: written report (plan/proposal for the project)
* __29 May__: working, documented version of Mace delivered
